Problem 1: K-means based Unsupervised Segmentation
For problem 1, run the jupyter notebook.
This program implements the K-means clustering algorithm for unsupervised image segmentation based on attributes. It includes three parts: K-Means Clustering implementation, Toy Image Segmentation using Color Features, and Real-world Image Segmentation using FCN Features.
K-Means Clustering: Assigns pixels to clusters based on Euclidean distance and updates centroids until convergence.
Toy Image Segmentation: Performs K-means clustering on "elephant.jpg" with different cluster values.
Real-world Image Segmentation: Uses FCN features from "dog.jpg" and applies K-means clustering with various cluster values.
Dependencies: Python and required libraries.
Usage: Run the program with desired parameters to segment images into clusters.

Problem 2: A* for Maze Searching
Maze Navigation Program
This program implements the A* algorithm for navigating through a maze from the top-left corner to the bottom-right corner. It takes a maze input file and outputs the solution path and expanded nodes matrices. It includes two provided heuristics (h1 and h2) and requires designing and implementing an admissible heuristic (h3). The program aims to find the optimal path and evaluate the performance of different heuristics.
The Python script Problem2.py has been written to solve the maze problem using the A* algorithm. The script accepts three arguments: -m maze, -n node, and -p path, each pointing to a txt file. The -m maze argument specifies the input maze file, -n node specifies the output node file, and -p path specifies the output path file.
The script also accepts an optional -H heuristic argument, which can be ‘h1’, ‘h2’, or ‘h3’ to represent the heuristic function to use. If this argument is not provided, the script will use heuristic_3 by default.
For the arguments of this program:
Run the script in the command line like this:
	python Problem2.py -m maze.txt -n node.txt -p path.txt -H h1
	-m maze.txt:
	Path to the input maze file.
	-n -node.txt: 
	Path to the output node file.
	-p path.txt:
	Path to the output path file.
	-H h1:
	Heuristic function to use (h1, h2, or h3). This one can be omitted, and the default is h3.
